but I'm sitting here watching this dude
was rigging down I'm now seeing nothing
i'm not seeing what some guys in seeing
man uh she's southpaw and you know what
South paws do they want to throw to stay
but they always look for is that one
that that left hand punch really don't
have no dad I'm gonna keep this shit
short man imma put up to you like this
man i need to go knock this dude out I'm
just thought I don't even watch this
weight division Oh what is this super
bantamweight he's almost like a he's
almost like a I hate to say I'm he's
faster Darchinyan he just saying WOW he
don't be you know dart in his rocker
with his body I looking for anything you
know I kind of fast forward it to
another round to make sure you know the
the first round is kind of slow you know
you USFL out round each other you know
see what your opponent is doing ain't
going no body ain't goin ain't doing no
hooks nothing he's just looking for this
straight left really that that ain't
even a jab his jab if you look where
he's Japanese just punching his glove
Zab Judah doesn't shit look just
punching his glove
no bodywork anyway let me go to this is
he's is born I'll do the straight left
straight left yeah he will heed your
straight leg but he ain't going to no
body okay what's up I in there but he's
not consistent with it you don't throw
hook still you don't use his right hand
at the hooks or nothing there's right
hand is only there to do the little
touches glove you ain't gonna beat no
don't need to i'm gonna nother round
third round boom cody i need to finish
watch this by the missing it again it
was looking stupid love yourself now I
know me is no need to go go ever up
orgasm when he hit you like that no Lucy
we do oh that's the left that's the
letter put dart GT to sleep he just one
time Yeti oh na na me nonito knocking
this nigga out no needles but this nigga
to sleep it go to sleep don't need to
buy knock out man you Harriet you
already first without first you don't be
thinking did he started go out this is
the third round
fuck me up who is this is the Holy fight
oh there anyway man I wish oh no need
those fights on here but you know it's
HBO so you know what they do to you eeny
throwing nothing man that's all you got
I didn't seen enough finish out the
round Holly got that straight left man
she know many ain't be no nonito and you
know I hit fight I mean I'm Shirley uh
bring it out beating say probably
knocked him out to do probably got fight
you know got you excited got caught
slipping but nonito starts off her bra
it's ticketing with the left a pleasure
say that the dear oh not bad don't need
told me that's how I need to see man I
don't need to see much of this dude he
must not been fighting too many da man I
that's it that's it he can't stop the
left